MAdLib - README file.

See the Copyright.txt, License.txt and Credits.txt files for copyright, 
license and authors informations. You should have received a copy of 
these files along with MAdLib. If not, see <http://www.madlib.be/license/>.

Please report bugs and problems to <contrib@madlib.be>.

To compile and install the MAdLib library, you should first run the 
following command:
 make -f Makefile.svn
This will generate the 'configure' and 'Makefile.in' files required in the 
second step. You need the GNU Autotools (aclocal, autoconf, automake) to 
generate these files.

You can then compile the library by typing
 ./configure [opts];
 make;
 make install;

By default, no executable is compiled. Add 
--enable-moveIt  (just the principal executable)
or
--enable-benchmarks   (all the executables)
at the configure time to add it to the compilation/installation process.

The documentation is generated and installed automatically if you have 
Doxygen installed but you can also generate it (in doc/) by
 make doc;

The pkgconfig file MAdLib.pc is generated and installed by
 make pc

Note that the configure and make commands can be called from any 
third-part directory. All files built during the compilation 
processes will be stored in that directory, except the documentation.

Also note that you need a linear system solver for the benchmarks that include 
the global node repositioning algorithm, like 'moveIt/example/tube' (for inst. PETSc) 
and a library to compute the distance to a cloud of points (for inst. ANN: add 
--enable-ann in the configure command) for benchmarks including local size fields.

To see what options are available, type
 ./configure --help

If you compile with the flag '--enable-gmsh', ensure that the version of 
Gmsh your are linking with was compiled with a minimal number of external 
packages: 
disable all external packages at Gmsh configuration time except (optionally) 
OpenCascade (use the corresponding option '--enable-occ' in MAdLib 
configuration if Gmsh was compiled with OpenCascade). Enable the parser, 
mathex, postpro. 
